`Development`: Add documentation for exam live statistics (#5605)
ls1intum/Artemis: docs/user/exams/live_statistics.rst

.. _live_statistics:

> ***************

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***************
Live Statistics
***************
```
The actual header got lost in the last commit.

> 

Author: > Additional question: Is there a way to globally disable the feature as an admin in the server configuration file? This could be potentially important to satisfy the legal department at the university.

Yes, via the global feature toggle :+1:

> I think it would be nice to have just a short bullet-point list at the top with an overview which data could be collected by this feature. That way instructors get an easy understanding if they would benefit from that feature and if they are even allowed to enable it (GDPR).

Sure, thats a good idea

> 

Author: No, that's correct :+1:

1. Enable/Disable
=================

Artemis provides several ways to enable the exam live statistic dashboard. Instructors can enable the exam live statistics dashboard on the exam creation page.

.. figure:: instructor/exam_configuration_enable_exam_live_statistics.png
   :alt: Checkbox to enable the exam live statistics
   :align: center

   Checkbox to enable the exam live statistics during the exam configuration

In the exam live statistics dashboard, instructors can see the current status of this feature. In addition, they can then deactivate or activate it.

.. figure:: instructor/exam_live_statistics_enabled.png
   :alt: Exam live statistics enabled
   :align: center

>    The exam live statistics status indicator indicates that the exam live statistics is enabled

Reviewer 2: "indicator indicates" sounds redundant. Maybe you could use related/synonyms words. What do you think?

   :alt: The activity log section
   :align: center

   The activity log section is the second component of the overview section, which provides additional details about the performed actions.

At the top left **(A)**, the chart shows the current number of actions performed by all students during the exam. It provides a overview of how many interactions are performed during the exam. For example, whether there are more interactions at the beginning or more at the end. Additionally, on the top right **(B)**, the bar chart shows the current average number of performed actions. Since students have different habits, and some switch or hand in assignments more often than others, it is interesting to see how they compare to the average.

Last, at the bottom **(C)**, the diagram shows the number of initial actions performed per category, which allows instructors to track precisely when and how many actions students performed. Thus, we provide the possibility to observe how many students start the exam on time or delayed, or whether students often visit the hand-in early page during the exam but then decide to do not so.

5. Section: Exercises
=====================

> This section is the second section of a total of three sections. Similar to the overview page, the exercise page contains the four previously mentioned diagrams. In addition to the charts, this page also contains a table that provides details for each exercise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to the overview page, the exercise page contains the four previously mentioned diagrams. In addition to the charts, this page also contains a table that provides details for each exercise.
```

The table shows the exercise id, the corresponding group id, and the title of the exercise per column. In addition, it highlights the respective type with an icon. In order to provide important information in the most space-saving way, each column is clickable. Additionally, instructors can unfold the column and receive detailed information on the current progress per exercise via three charts.

> Like the general exercise overview, an instructor can see the respective initial navigations and first submission per student. In order to see the current activity progress per exercise, instructors can see the current students at this exercise. In addition, we use doughnut charts as opposed to bar charts to provide more variety.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like the general exercise overview, an instructor can see the respective initial navigations and first submission per student. In order to see the current activity progress per exercise, instructors can see the current students at this exercise.
```
That last sentence doesn’t add any information to the user, except telling them that we think we were especially innovative and creative when designing the user interface.

6. Section: Activity log
========================

Similar to the overview page, the activity log page contains the three previously mentioned diagrams. In addition to the charts, this page also contains a table that provides a log of the performed actions. The table shows the student exam id, the timestamp, and the action category per column. In addition, it provides different badges based on the category.

.. figure:: instructor/exam_live_statistics_section_activity_table.png
   :alt: Table of actions
   :align: center

   The table of actions shows the first timestamp, type, and additional details per action. Depending on the type of action, we display different details.

Since each start or restart of the exam creates a unique session, we show the assigned session id **(A)**. This information is only available for the *started* exam actions. Furthermore, users can switch through exercises or to the exam overview page. For each *switched* exercise action, we show either the badge containing the exercise id or nothing, which means that the user switched to the overview page **(B)**.

> Each time a student *saves* the current exercise state, we display the associated exercise id and submission id. Depending on the details of the performed action, we show the Automatically badge. If the user or the system forces a save, we extend the states of the save by the fact of whether it was successful or not **(C)**. In some scenarios, the server may be unreachable during the exam, or the student may lose his/her internet connection. The *connection updated* actions contain the current connection status, which we display with two badges **(D)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each time a student *saves* the current exercise state, we display the associated exercise id and submission id. Depending on the details of the performed action, we show the **Automatically** badge. If the user or the system forces a save, we extend the states of the save by the fact of whether it was successful or not **(C)**. In some scenarios, the server may be unreachable during the exam, or the student may lose their internet connection. The *connection updated* actions contain the current connection status, which we display with two badges **(D)**.
```

.. _live_statistics:

***************
Live Statistics
***************

> The live statistics system tracks following interactions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The live statistics system tracks the following student interactions:
```
